README.md, before:

<!-- badges: start -->
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/janneadolf/test-poweranalyse)
![GitHub Workflow Status](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/janneadolf/test-poweranalyse/check-project)
![GitHub repo size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/janneadolf/test-poweranalyse)
<!-- badges: end -->

# Test poweranalyse

[Adolf, Janne![ORCID logo](https://info.orcid.org/wp-content/uploads/2019/11/orcid_16x16.png)](https://orcid.org/https://orcid.org/0000-0001-6064-9803)[^aut][^cre][^inbo.be]
Research Institute for Nature and Forest (INBO)[^cph][^fnd]

[^cph]: copyright holder
[^fnd]: funder
[^aut]: author
[^cre]: contact person
[^inbo.be]: Research Institute for Nature and Forest (INBO)

**keywords**: power; simulation

<!-- community: inbo -->

<!-- description: start -->
Replace this with a short description of the project.
It becomes the abstract of the project in the citation information.
And the project description at https://zenodo.org
<!-- description: end -->

Anything below here is visible in the README but not in the citation.

Commit message:

add brief project description to readme

README.md, after:

<!-- badges: start -->
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/janneadolf/test-poweranalyse)
![GitHub Workflow Status](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/janneadolf/test-poweranalyse/check-project)
![GitHub repo size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/janneadolf/test-poweranalyse)
<!-- badges: end -->

# Test poweranalyse

[Adolf, Janne![ORCID logo](https://info.orcid.org/wp-content/uploads/2019/11/orcid_16x16.png)](https://orcid.org/https://orcid.org/0000-0001-6064-9803)[^aut][^cre][^inbo.be]
Research Institute for Nature and Forest (INBO)[^cph][^fnd]

[^cph]: copyright holder
[^fnd]: funder
[^aut]: author
[^cre]: contact person
[^inbo.be]: Research Institute for Nature and Forest (INBO)

**keywords**: power; simulation

<!-- community: inbo -->

<!-- description: start -->
This repository serves as a testing environment for tools that aim to facilitate (mainly simulation-based) power analysis.
Currently, the selection is restricted to tools from quantitative psychology, which has been my professional background, and related fields. 
<!-- description: end -->

[more detail to be added]
